BackEnd-README.md, before:

# NorthCoders News API

## Background

This API was built to be used in the Northcoders News Sprint during the Front End block of the course. Its database is PSQL and can be interacted with using [Knex](https://knexjs.org). It has a series of endpoints built to recover combination of topics, articles, users and comments.

## Step 1 - Install dependencies

These instructions will get you a copy of the project up and running on your local machine for development and testing purposes. See deployment for notes on how to deploy the project on a live system.

Prerequisites
What things you need to install the software and how to install them

Give examples
Installing
A step by step series of examples that tell you how to get a development env running

Say what the step will be

Give the example
And repeat

until finished
End with an example of getting some data out of the system or using it for a little demo

Running the tests
Explain how to run the automated tests for this system

Break down into end to end tests
Explain what these tests test and why

Give an example
And coding style tests
Explain what these tests test and why

Give an example
Deployment
Add additional notes about how to deploy this on a live system

Commit message:

extra endpoints added, can post a user, topic and article

BackEnd-README.md, after:

# NorthCoders News API

## Background

This API was built to be used in the Northcoders News Sprint during the Front End block of the course. Its database is PSQL and can be interacted with using [Knex](https://knexjs.org. It has a series of endpoints that each serve up individual pieces of topic, article, user and comment data.

## Step 1 - Install dependencies

Clone this repo:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/northcoders/be-nc-news

cd be-nc-news

npm i
```

These instructions will get you a copy of the project up, installing all dependencies and running on your local machine for development and testing purposes. 

See deployment for notes on how to deploy the project on a live system.

Give examples
Installing
A step by step series of examples that tell you how to get a development env running

Say what the step will be

Give the example
And repeat

until finished
End with an example of getting some data out of the system or using it for a little demo

Running the tests
Explain how to run the automated tests for this system

Break down into end to end tests
Explain what these tests test and why

Give an example
And coding style tests
Explain what these tests test and why

Give an example
Deployment
Add additional notes about how to deploy this on a live system
